- LATER Analysis for Venkat
	- From JAN to DEC 22
		- No. of Farmers registered
		- No. of farmers transacted
		- No. of samples collected
		- No. of price offers given
- Some graphs will be useful
-
- Report for Venkat ->
	- ### What question scan I respond with the Reports that I currently have access to?
		- **Outcome expected**
			- Increase farmer base selling to ofi
				- Requires the amount of farmer registered in OD and the difference between the graph on the user registration before.
				- Or user registered primarily by mobile.
			- Increase purchase volumes
				- Requires the sells before OD lunch and after it and which was the used interface (mobile or on branch)
				- Then the comparison with prospected curve of sell for after the app lunch and the actual purchase volume.
			- Improvement in better qualities
				- Prospected average of quantity per purchase before the app lunch and row it compares with the actual average of quantities/purchase.
			- Lower price paid per quality
				- Requires quality standards, price per contract and amount of contract
				- Then see if after app this number compare with the average projection for the coffee purchase (price paid/quality) before the App.
				-
		- **IT KPI**
			- No. of farmers registered - Yes
			- No. of farmers transacted in last one year -> Yes
			- No. of agronomy articles posted -> Do not have access
			- No. of farmers seeking crop care -> Do not have access
			- No. of farmers using once a month / week ->
				- Selling or entering?
				- **Selling**
					- Isolate sells per week or month -> Filter by sells done in mobile -> find this number for all weeks and calculate the average.
				- **Using only**
					- Filter the login report with the users that already are registered before "Last_Login_Date" -> Calculate this for all the time after lunch
			- No. of samples collected -> Yes
			- No. of price offers given
				- Screen premiums -> Yes
				- Quality premium -> Yes
				- Commission premium -> Need to check what the data mean's
			- No. of marketing articles published -> Do not have access
			- No. of farmer surveys done -> Do not have access
		- **IT PPI**
			- No. of users trained in Commercial and Agronomy -> Depends on third party
			- No. of Agronomists posting articles  -> Depends on third party
			- No. of commercial staff posting surveys  -> Depends on third party