- #[[Sleeping Dreams]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Today I had some dreams, I think 2 that I can recall
		- I was on the church when it was besides the bakery, and was seeing a presentation, however I knew that the presentation was bogus I needed the tell it for the woman that was helping, and as the man walked away I when in to talk to the woman, and started to talk.
		- - Look, I have the most respect for people that graduated from USP, as my wedding godmother graduated from there, as well as my wife and my brother. however sometimes it produces a real piece of shit, doesn't it?
		- Then as someone got in the pulpit to make service or play a song I started to talk to a girl about college and mentioned in the conversation that I once was as FatecSP, with some pride, and it felt nice and nostalgic.
		- Then for some reason I was on the exist of such church and awaiting to go home, when I saw my current can, the red Fiat Palio in the sidewalk parked, however I didn't went, for I had a feeling that should await for my parents at this moment I ran for the  corner just opposed to the bakery and they where arriving with both Emilia and Reinaldo in one car with my dad driving yet another can, that I think was from them as well, the funny thing was that I didn't got my can and went, I was awaiting for my father to actually take the car and go driving home, I got to see the interior of the can and it was a very spacious can with a lot of sand in the carpet and a weird noise when the engine was running, however I started to fix some plates from what I think were kids mess, like Katherine's food plates, and as I was doing it, my father started going I ran besides the car, finishing the knot in the plastic bags where I had putted the kids plates, and I could tight it and through in the trunk, and as I tried to close the trunk it was stuck on the plastic bag's loop, I untangled and closed the trunk door.
		- When I focused on my surrounding I was in place that felt like the like the same street as the church, however it now had very big engine like trailers parked in the street, and they where breath taking, after that I remember thinking why my father had parked there and told myself,
		- - Probably he is helping Reinaldo with his car, as I had listened early that he was going on a trip,  so I assumed that my father was taking the can for some mechanic to fix it, or clean it.
		- Then as I got amazed, be the parked giant engine trailers all of my family was getting up some stair case I then went right behind them and saw some structures like cranes hooked from the sealing that looked like the telescopic arm in a Reach Stacker, without the piston and the arms it self just the telescopic part hanging of the sealing and there was a loot of them, and I remember feeling like a child, looking at them as I would like to play, so to reach them I had to get up yet another stair case but I didn't as my family was going on up another stair case. As I went and find them getting up the stair could hear the enjoyment on their voices. Arriving at floor level I saw a girl making some thing with some compressed air hoses on a work bench and barely had any space behind her to make it through the floor. So I passed behind her with my back turned towards her that wen I saw my brother Ciro with a girl and a boy making a experiment, and went to look at it
		- It looked like a pair or strings cut in half on the longitudinal way. Those strings were vibrating very intensively.
		- As I approached my brother was uncomfortably close to the experiment, that wen a girl told me to walk more calmly to my stumps didn't affected the experiment. In this moment a looked at my brother and he was beside it as not respecting the girls, and I told him about how much a his hitting the feet when walking could impact the experiment as could him blowing on the workbench and even there was experiments that could be affected by his body temperature, so he should be more respectful of the experiment they where making, anyway he treated like it was not important and started to be even more close to the work bench, stumping his feet on the ground, talking loudly and blowing air on it on purpose, making everybody uncomfortable with it. At the time I saw it I grabbed him by his neck and pushed him out of the room to the outside howay, as he dragged something with him, in his hands, I remember making a treat to him if he behave child like again, so he should put his better behaviour on.
		- So I got back inside with the feeling that he wouldn't harass (bother) anymore, then they showed me what he had done with the the bag of one of the students, gluing it with Super Bond and making it rigid like a fiberglass like structures, and that he has pealed it when I dragged him out, earlier.
		- Then I asked the girl about her experiment, and Ciro walked in again but with a better behaviour this time, so the girl started explaining it to me that it was a weather predicting device that could do it for a much bigger period, as even it could make how the weather was in a past long gone, then as she went take something to show me I was  following someone in a building life Fatec AB buildings, and just listening to their talk, as we found ourselves in the elevator I remembered the Professor I once had, (I cannot remember his actual name now, but know  he has a name very similar to my Professor of Fluid Dynamic and refrigeration) so I asked the group if any of them had seen the Professor and someone commented that he still was teaching on there.
		- Then I got out or the elevator and went for the students secretary on the second floor, to make  were the Professor was so I could find him an thank him about the advice he gave my years ago, about going on a public job as a prison security. It went on the lines of, "you are to much for this job, you should find something that makes you happy but also uses your brain".]
		- The room for the secretary it self was closed but the woman that would be attending there was on the reception right beside the room.
		- The last thing I can remember is being there and awaiting for the woman to help me find the professor, then I was driving again towards the church with that same girl that I was talking to earlier in the church about college and now she was a woman, and had not a girl feeling but a woman sentiments. My last remembering is going on the wrong way on the street and parking my car on the sidewalk again and getting out of the car.
-
- #thoughts
  collapsed:: true
	- Why, in college the  feeling I have is of being with  a clouded mind, not feeling sharp and conscious of the thing I was doing but just going through the motions on a blurred out mind? I think it was for the lack of concentration as I didn't focused very hardly on it, and didn't had a laser focus on what I was doing. The feeling remembers being dopamine depleted like I felt after expend the hole nigh watching series and not sleeping.
	- As I was finishing to write about my dreams I started craving Chimarrão could feel the taste and smell in my brain, not wanting to smell it, feel it's taste.
	-